congrats to bayern munich for incredible season
It's April already. Providence please give us spring, like a real one. I miss last Tuesday when it feels like summer and feels like home
Looking for a fun summer job working with kids*? Kate Camp is hiring in the Bay Area, LA, Seattle/Tacoma, and Chicago! Plus if you work at the Palo Alto site you'll get to hang out with me for ten weeks, and what could be better than that?
Murakami exhibition!
anyone want to share a cab to tf green tomorrow at around 8:30am?
I guess Bayern Munich forgot to practice one on one with goalies
I WANT BOTH TEAMS TO WIN, BUT GO DORTMUND FOR THEIR AMAZING TURNAROUND OF THE LAST DECADE
missing Copenhagen, especially after uploading 8 albums from this semester :(
end of a truly unforgettable semester in Copenhagen
Photo from last week. Glazing the bowls and cups I made. Feeling very artsy here. ;)
They play soccer in Europe so they can televise the games before sports start
congratulations #brown2013! so happy for you all
its time to switch back to the working mode
york chow's editorial: "racist hong kong is still a fact"
here for the next few days
Dear Stanford friends, If you're free for a bit (~30 mins) around 4pm today, we'd really appreciate you're help testing a d.School experience prototype. In return, you'll get a Coupa giftcard. It's a win-win-win.
In one week Carrie Elizabeth will be in California, and I want to make it announced, that I am no way reasonable for anything that she does.
Anybody heading from New York to Boston later this weekend with extra space in their car
away
Campus dance :) — with Ian Sprung.
When blenders attack! Charchar didn't understand that when you put a wooden spoon down a blender bad things could happen
Good morning, Seattle! We're psyched to be here. We're on the town giving out vouchers to the Gossip, Capital Cities, twenty one pilots and Willy Moon concert on 5/26!
Glad to be back in the City with these fellas. — with Nick Henze and 4 others.
The ending instrumental to Lady antebellum hello world is just fantastic.
He's a beast
Starting today, this guy is biking across the US to raise awareness for childhood cancer. Please show him some support and like this page!
Happy birthday KJoRoe!!! The original badass.
last breakfast together. Thanks for a fantastic semester!!
this semester: proof once again that the amount of effort put into classes has no relation to resulting grades. dGaF aLwAyS! — reading Not Another Boring Textbook.
just bought neon blacklight facepaint for edc!! prepare to be drawn on. .....also kinda maybe bought rainbow hair chalks, flashing mouth things, rainbow eyelashes, more fake rhinestones and my mom bought me neon pink sweater in da city today.... >:} sO pRePaReD edc come at me
Here's to the night #friendsforever #loveher
#flights
After seeing Julie Andrews give the CU Commencement address two weeks ago, it only seemed right to follow my heart back to where it all happened. If the hills weren't alive before, there's no doubt they are now due to my Godawful rendition of The Sound of Music. — with Jose Sutton at The Sound of Music Tour, Salzburg.
Even more creepy
Love this!
Drinking a White Russian and doing homework. Boy, do I live life on the wild side.
"Kryptonite for people with OCD"
Blissful life at home :3 #street #vietnam #eat&drink
Back in da yay — with Ike Deedy at The Rose and Crown.
should I watch the Hangover 3?
pittsburgh stahp, this weather is getting old...
Tonight, I feel groovy.
I ♥ you, san francisco
Is "Life in Color" worth it?
Time to get my T-bone on! Grilling steak that is.
where can I watch NBA free online?
Let's see how viral this can become
is officially a student at FIT!!!
Just migrated from Google Reader to Feedly... it takes 3 seconds.
Sat next to the real Michael Bluth today
Care of Jon Squires, my favorite housewife :) ♥
Anyone selling a campus dance ticket?
Happy birthday to my beautiful Nana who is 96 today!! You are an amazing woman ❤
Mob Figaz, C-Bo, Killa Tay....they don't make slaps like this anymore
Is anyone planning to go to Craig Mello's talk tomorrow afternoon?
Leave 0 margin for error in travel plans, show up with time to spare. #justoneoftheperks #lifeontop
Campus Dance preparations
Thanks for the birthday wishes everyone!
I'll see you Jersey folk in a few weeks, and most of you Brunonians in a few months if not sooner!
More importantly congrats to BMSD class of 2013! I'll miss you way too much Hug, and I'll see the rest of y'all in Baltimore!
We've shared some great adventures, but it's time to pack you up Mr. French Press.
The usual. — with Jesse Solomon  at The Dish.
i am not ready to deal with this :(
are you uncomfortably busy yet
just confirmed: will be in HK from July to August!! anyone know a place for sublet pls pls?
16th grade... finally king of the food chain
water
growth naps
"Blood washes out of fabric pretty easily, right?" — with Johhny Parson
Well, all my shows are done for the summer. Sure wish I could still watch Moonshiners!
Can't get enough #epicmealtime, aka my alter ego, a bearded genius!
Candy Crush? What in the world is this game you are trying to get me to play Judy Garch?! — with Judy Garch.
turn on your mumford & sons pandora playlist.. 6 days and counting!
happy birthday durd
Yoooo my friend Jess just wrote this thing. He's cool.

In wise words of Kate “You’ve got a woman who knows her worth and ain’t prepared to compromise it...You can’t treat me that way“
#4DayWeekends — at San Jose International Airport (SJC).
And this is why we need to invest more money in infrastructure.
BWAHAHAHAH
Hot chocolate after #wyldlife water wars #paloaltowyldlife
Apparently H&M is for skinny hipsters only. Their sizes dont even go to mine. Out of the two items I found id actually wear. #oldfashioned
Its good to be home. I'll be in Santa Rosa for a few weeks. Please let me know if you'd like to hang out.
Best thing about coming home: surprise tickle attacks.
100% on my first paper on my final course for my masters! I can not wait for this hell to be over!
I guess I can see where you guys are coming from with this flash flood warning
Seattle has a ridiculously fast changing weather....
To any of my Hollins friends who has been on J-board, Ac-Pol, was a hall senator, club senator, or part of there first-year class cabinet, if you could please give me a quote of what it was like to be part of the boards or to hold a position, that would be so helpful!
"That box is a dick." -Yuki. True story.
Amusing, and slightly creepy.. Those legs
Interns new lunch location! Digg it!
perhaps the most important detail reported in the commencement magazine — with Liz Carr and 4 others.
Nirvana
remember when charlie was just a little guy and liked to destroy things?
Whoever Kmart hired for their new marketing commercials is a freaking genius.
#tbt My last sunset back home in California and my first sunrise in Europe at the Madrid airport #sunset #sunrise #nofilter
gang of long necks!
Happy Birthday to the best momma around!! I love you!!
Bak bak.
How Google plans to rule the computing world through Chrome
Any graduating seniors interested in a part time development/production asst position? Would need to be someone with a background in film. They'd be assisting a producer.
I'd say watch out tonight LA but LA is still 10 wins away from caring about the Kings
#tbt to that one time I was a football player
Introduction to HTML5 Canvas
completely unmotivated to study.... authentic community time with Cardinal Life? YUP!
Never settle for being someones option when you have the potential to be someones only.
My #handwarmermug is cooler than your average mug #younglife #oregonmade #coffee #longday
Internet on planes is really a game-changer 
Heading back to Fresno for a couple of days. It will be nice being back in Fresno.
"Maaan all I wanted was tinder... wait I meant Tender Greens." #youknowyouhaveatinderaddiction 
America! The journey begins July 1st. Priscilla and I are coming to a city near you! Drop a line if you want to be a part of our epic roadtrip!!
RL Grimes does house:
Fanimecon was the best! I can't wait for next year!
Been coming here since I was a kid. Great Pizza.
So I have been telling everyone that my grandfather is turning 87... turns out he is turning 89. And still looks like he is in his late 60s. Not sure what black magic he is using... I must find out.
In the bay til Thursday if anyone wants to meet up.
Relaxing this memorial day, going to go celebrate my grandfather's 87th birthday. He served during WWII in the European theater. He has gone through more than I or almost anyone else in their lifetime will.
And summer begins! 
Vegas wit ma homies #butnotreally #pasadenaiscooltoo #mdw 
Dry rub and BBQ chicken, done. Brats and dogs done. Fajitas...entering turn 4!!
Late dinner
A fountain, a coffee and some dog watching
thinks I want to go skydivings sometime, anyone want to go with me?
San Antoni-doh
Oh...just me as an extra in Joe Somebody. 1 of like 5 shots I was in. The director even pointed at talked to me. I think he said "you too" when pointing to who could talk. Oh, and Hayden panatierre was Tim Allen's daughter. Yup, I saw Juliette Barnes before she was a country star!!! Look at my hair! Glorious!
People Id want to duet w/ Allison krauss, Bonnie Raitt, kat Edmonson, Zooey Deschanel, Carrie, Loretta Lynn, Jennifer nettles, Minnie driver
Copper accompanies me when I play guitar
Game changer! My girls are home and I couldn't be happier!













